Misc docs updates (#189)
codeigniter4/shield: docs/3 - auth_actions.md

sends the email to the user, and then displays the form the user should enter the 6 digit code into.

**verify()** is the final step in the action's journey. It verifies the information the user provided
and provides feedback. In the `Email2FA` class, it verifies the code against what is saved in the
database and either sends them back to the previous form to try again or redirects the user to the
page that a `login` task would have redirected them to anyway.

> All methods should return either a `RedirectResponse` or string of a view, like through the `view()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All methods should return either a `RedirectResponse` or a view string (e.g. using the `view()` function).
```
